Update README to reflect actual features (#47)
laminas/laminas-ci-matrix-action: README.md

Each item in the "exclude" array will be an object, with one or more of the keys listed in the "include" objects; when a job matches all elements specified in the "exclude" array, it will be excluded from runs.

The "job" element is a string JSON object detailing the job to run.
Note: it is **not** an object; it is a JSON string but it MUST have the structure as shown [here](#job-element).

### Job Element

The "job" element will have the following elements, but is not restricted to them:

```json
{
  "php": "(optional) string PHP minor version to run against",
  "extensions": [
    "(optional) extension names to install; names are from the ondrej PHP repository, minus the php{VERSION}- prefix"
  ],
  "ini": [
    "(optional) php.ini directives, one per element; e.g. 'memory_limit=-1'"
  ],
  "dependencies": "(optional) dependencies to test against; one of lowest, locked, latest. default: locked",
  "command": "(required) command to run to perform the check",

>   "ignore_platform_reqs_8": "(optional) boolean; whether to add `--ignore-platform-req=php` to composer for PHP 8.0"

Reviewer: We should indicate the default value here (it's `true`).

  "name": "(string) Name of the check being run",
  "operatingSystem": "(string) Name of the OS the job should be run on (generally ubuntu-latest)",
  "action": "(string) GHA to run the step on; currently ignored, as GHA does not support dynamic action selection",
  "job": "(string) JSON object detailing the job"
}
```

The "job" element can either be a JSON string representing a job, or an object.
In each case, it MUST have the structure as shown [here](#job-element) **but** the "php" element is mandatory in here and MUST contain
the minor PHP version to run the check against.

The action validates each check and its job to ensure it is structured correctly, and will provide warnings if not, omitting any check that is malformed from the output.

> **If specific checks are provided by a project, the matrix won't contain any auto-detected checks and will only output these checks.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If the `checks` element is populated, the matrix will not include any auto-detected checks, and will only output the jobs listed in that element.**
```
